Rentier person of private means The BO is the cousin of the son of a former company founder of that was domiciled in the US.
The company that sold and distributed gift and greeting cards.
Business was sold in 1997 to a private equity firm (via an investment bank).
The company was a production plant for the production and supply of gifts and accessories for shops selling gifts.they had their own wholsale shop.the business had 200 emloyees with an annual gross revenue of $ 45,000,000.
Sales were executed world wide.
The BO is the only living person out of this family, therefore she inherited all the money.
The BO is the cousin of the son of a former company founder of.
that was domiciled in the US.
The company that sold and distributed gift- and greeting cards.
Business was sold in 1997 to a private equity firm (via an investment bank).
The company was a production plant for the production and supply of gifts and accessories for shops selling gifts.they had their own wholsale shop.the business had 200 emloyees with an annual gross revenue of $ 45,000,000.
Sales were executed world wide.
The BO is the only living person out of this family, therefore she inherited all the money.Additionally she owns various real estat in Israel.
A is part of the Washington Marine Group which is owned by the business partners D and K Washington one of the top 100 richest families in the U.S. IPO shipping company in August 2010.
Client was one of the co-founders of this company.
This gives us bankable assets in various relationship the client has with us.
He also hold a private company in Asia active in shipping investments.
BO also owns a hous in South of France, worth a couple millions EUR.
The company B Russia produces solar batteries.
The company owns two production plants in Russia (located in Mytischi Moscow region and Saransk Mordovia Republic).
The company owns production facility and equipment and produces up to 100 megavat of solar panels annually.
At present, the company participates in state program on development of alternative energy sources in Russia.
Total annual revenue is $75 million.
Employees account for 150 people, including engineers and workers.
In 2006, the company B International  opened in Germany ().
Production facility B PHotoviltike AG (HR-PV) produced solar panels for German market.
The company closed and production stopped in 2010 due to European production crisis in the solar energy market.
At present, B  owns property/production facility close to 9000 sq meters and 2 acres of land, both are dormant.
Market price of the company B Int.
Lim together with its subsidies in Russia and Germany (the appraisal done by Gugenheim foundation in 2010) was $60,000,000.
BO is in talks to receive initial agreement from Washington Bank (Moscow) for the investment credit of 2,000,000,000 roubles in 2015 for the expansion of production.
-Bankable assets with CS 2m (corporate desk +3PB accounts) -Bankable assets with Notensteinbank in St.Gallen ca 1m -Bankable assets with VTB-24 in Russia 2m  -GP Morgan 1m USD -Bank of America 0.5 Mio USD - An apartment in Moscow,  appraisal at $1,000,000 - The residential house and land in USA, 12 Insured for the value of $4,500,000 - The residential house and land in the Republic of Panama, Appraisal at $6,000,000 - Azimut Yacht 2m - B Int credit portfolio for $10,000,000 - 50% share of Int - valued at $25,000,000
B is one of the largest law firms specializing in the practice of intellectual property laws in China.
Headquartered in Beijing, B has several liaison offices - in Washington D.C., USA; Tokyo, Japan; Munich, Germany; and Singapore - in order to meet the needs of our increasing domestic and foreign client base around the world.
We provide services in all aspects of modern intellectual property law disciplines, including procurement, enforcement and counseling.
Our practice encompasses patents, trademarks, copyrights, integrated circuit layout designs, trade secrets, unfair competition, anti-counterfeiting, and related counseling and administrative and judicial proceedings.
Most of our patent attorneys and technical experts have advanced degrees, namely masters, or doctorate degrees.
Many of them, as well as our trademark attorneys and lawyers, have received training from leading international law firms and institutions abroad.
We are guided by principles of teamwork, respect and quality of service with an emphasis on scientific and technical knowledge.
To enable more efficient communication with the firm&#65533;s global clients, attorneys in this office speak several foreign languages, including Japanese, German, and Korean, in addition to English as the working language.
B is the first IP law office in China reformed to be a &#65533;Paperless Office&#65533; with digitalized files.
The docketing software developed internally ensures the exemplary management of prosecution procedures of patent and trademark applications, as well as other legal services.
Our extensive technical, business, and legal experience allows us to assist our clients in obtaining reliable protection for their intellectual property rights in China in an efficient and cost-effective manner - 100 Mio.
USD bankable assets booked in DBS, - 50 Mio.
USD invested in Properties in Singapore In addition he also owns a private share holding company, which the current value cannot be evaluated.
s is part of the which is owned by the  business partners  Washington one of the top 100 richest  families in the U.S. the company in August 2005. hE was one of the co-founders of this  company.
This gives us bankable assets in various relationship the client has with us.
He  also hold a private company in Asia active in shipping investments.
BO also owns a hous  in South of France, worth a couple millions EUR.
